Add new cases of expected behaviours in troubleshooting doc (#789)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

WARN setattr{req=4 ino=21 name="init.txt"}:
mountpoint_s3::fuse: setattr failed: inode error: inode 21 (full key "init.txt") is a remote inode and its attributes cannot be modified
```

## Invalid Hostname for DNS resolution

Mountpoint by default resolves endpoint for requests in [virtual hosted style](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/VirtualHosting.html).
If your storage provider does not support virtual style hosted bucket, you may recieve the following error:

```
Error: Failed to create S3 client

Caused by:
    0: initial ListObjectsV2 failed for bucket my-bucket in region us-east-1
    1: Client error
    2: Unknown CRT error
    3: CRT error 1059: aws-c-io: AWS_IO_DNS_INVALID_NAME, Host name was invalid for dns resolution.
Error: Failed to create mount process
```

> In this case, try using `--force-path-style` CLI option when you are mounting the bucket using Mountpoint.

Reviewer: Basically, _virtual hosted style_ is `https://docexamplebucket.example.com`, compared to _path style_ being `https://example.com/docexamplebucket`. I was only able to comprehend it after reading through our [CONFIGURATION.md](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/82a5fe606c047fee7e7015537cde0b4aabcf0133/doc/CONFIGURATION.md#endpoints-and-aws-privatelink). 

Do you think adding an example (or a link to `CONFIGURATION.md` with such example) will help?

Author: I have already added the link to aws documentation of virtual hosted style addressing. In that difference is explained well with example.

NOTE - Third party storage provider are not officially supported by Mountpoint for Amazon S3.

## Directory disappear after deleting all the files within it

Amazon S3 does not support directories and objects are just grouped using prefix.
Mountpoint automatically infers a directory structure for your bucket by treating the `/` separator after prefix in your object keys as a delimiter between directories.

> So, if all the files within a prefix is deleted, the prefix itself cease to exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, if all the files within a prefix are deleted, the prefix itself and the corresponding directory cease to exist.
```

In this case, it is expected that mountpoint will not be able to show the directory for listing or other file system operation.

> Workaround to persist a directory could be creating a hidden empty file (for example, `.keep`).

Reviewer: I'd like documentation to be clear here that MP does not hide or treat in any special way those `.keep` files (nor does S3). It's `ls` who filter them out without an `-a` option, right?

For more details on how Mountpoint maps S3 object keys to files and directories, see the [semantics documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/main/doc/SEMANTICS.md#mapping-s3-object-keys-to-files-and-directories).

## Input/output error after running workload for some time

It is possible that your AWS credentials may get expired while your bucket is still mounted using Mountpoint.
In that case you will get following errors for filesystem operations:

```
ls: reading directory '.': Input/output error
```

```
cat: new_file.txt: Input/output error
```

Please check the Mountpoint logs. If you see the following errors, then your AWS credentials have expired.

```
[WARN] lookup{req=104 ino=1 name="Input"}:
list_objects{id=20 bucket=plutodemo continued=false delimiter=/ max_keys=1 prefix=Input/}: mountpoint_s3_client::s3_crt_client:
meta request failed duration=10.023623ms error=ClientError(Forbidden("The provided token has expired."))

[WARN] lookup{req=106 ino=1 name="Input"}:
head_object{id=21 bucket=plutodemo key=Input}: mountpoint_s3_client::s3_crt_client:
meta request failed duration=11.087781ms error=ClientError(Forbidden("<no message>"))
```

> You might need to have a fresh mount of your bucket with valid credentials.

Reviewer: What could we possibly suggest to avoid this in future? Extending credentials life-time -- probably not, but MP should support mechanisms which support credentials renewal, e.g. if provided through file and the file is updated will MP fetch them?

Author: I think it is expected behaviour if the credential expire, the aws requests should fail (its the same for CLI). I discussed this issue a bit in #784 . But, we have a bit tricky situation that workload might still be running.

For more details to configure AWS credentials, see the [configuration documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/main/doc/CONFIGURATION.md#aws-credentials).

## Throttling Errors

> When looking at the logs, these will appear as failed requests with `http_status=503` or `http_status=429` .

Reviewer: Log examples, please! Also, as a developer apart from realising that S3 is throttling my app, what should I do? Will MP retry those automatically?

Author: The problem with log example here is that I have never experienced throttling from S3. I added it as it was there in support runbook. Probably, we should not be adding this case here.

Reviewer: I see, so the main bit here is that Mountpoint does not do throttling itself. Thanks for describing a way of mitigating S3 throttling errors, but where does this come from? You mention there `3,500 PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE or 5,500 GET/HEAD`, these values may become outdated, I'd add a link to the source of that information.

Otherwise LGTM!

For more details to configure AWS credentials, see the [configuration documentation](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/blob/main/doc/CONFIGURATION.md#aws-credentials).

## Throttling Errors

When looking at the logs, these errors will appear as failed requests with `http_status=503` or `http_status=429` . For example:

```
[WARN] lookup{req=20094 ino=109 name="***"}:
list_objects{id=16589 bucket=*** continued=false delimiter=/ max_keys=1 prefix=***}: mountpoint_s3_client::s3_crt_client:
request failed request_type=Default http_status=503 range=None duration=426.995805ms ttfb=Some(7.681499ms) request_id=***

[WARN] open{req=20158 ino=1706 pid=1759}:
list_objects{id=16643 bucket=*** continued=false delimiter=/ max_keys=1 prefix=***}: mountpoint_s3_client::s3_crt_client:
request failed request_type=Default http_status=503 range=None duration=314.021865ms ttfb=Some(8.180981ms) request_id=***
```

The 503 or 429 status codes means the request limits have been exceeded.
Mountpoint itself does not do any throttling, so any throttling will be from S3 or possibly dependent services, like STS which is used to provide credentials.

> You can try to mitigate  throttling (503 Slow Down) by distributing objects across multiple prefixes if your use case allows it.
> Since, you can send 3,500 PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE or 5,500 GET/HEAD requests per second per prefix in an S3 bucket, increasing the prefix in the bucket would allow more requests to be processed by S3.
> Amazon S3 gradually scales up to handle requests for each of the prefixes separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon S3 automatically scales to high request rates.
Your application can achieve at least 3,500 PUT/COPY/POST/DELETE or 5,500 GET/HEAD requests per second per partitioned Amazon S3 prefix.
You can reduce the impact of throttling errors by distributing objects across multiple prefixes in your bucket.
```
